how's it going I'm at home baby hmm
what's uh I really appreciate you doing
this for me this is some serious
proposal
you're doing oh man Phoebe is gonna love
that yes I said of I love
her you got to give it all when you love
like that Jana well drop some acid going
to a titty bar not 8:15 in the morning
[Music]
chariot progressive listen Mandelbrot
set is in motion echo choir has been
breached does that only recruit
something hmm hey stop stop their own
to my car I just talk to people
that's awesome they had guns and knives
and they were being like total dicks Q
cops no I didn't call the police cause I
have like a lot of weed and like
mushrooms in my car
how the did this happen I don't
know but I'm like freaking out all over
the place babe I have a lot of anxiety
about this I'm sorry agent Hall has been
activated
he killed two operatives with a spoon so
we're terminating asset Howell
are you insane Oh language
something very weird is happening to me
I keep killing people
yes I may be a robot doing now a robot I
don't ignore lies ah my nerve this guy
he's a trained killer
we made him he's a security risk
you're gonna blow up a town
[Music]
No help me I'm going to save my
girlfriend
even appoint leave em on the hood
Oh build the frying-pan blood trick
[Music]
we'll take my car
and we'll go to stone okay no no I
recognize that now as like a faux pas